Fix of 2.x series tutorial paragraph about error promotion of join call (#2457)
typelevel/cats-effect: docs/guides/tutorial.md

  } yield ExitCode.Error
```

Note the code above does not include error handling. Errors in the underlying

> fiber are promoted by `join`, meaning that if the fiber throws an error the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fiber are promoted by `join`, meaning that if the fiber raises an error the
```

> call to `join` will forward it to the main flow. Problem is, we need to call to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
call to `join` will raise the error to the caller. Problem is, we need to call
```

> `join` first, so if for example the `consumerFiber` throws an exception while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`join` first, so if for example the `consumerFiber` raises an exception while
```

> `producerFiber` is still running then the exception will not interrupt the main
> flow until it reaches `consumerFiber.join`. Also, a fiber throwing an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`producerFiber` is still running then the exception will not interrupt `producerFiber`
until it reaches `consumerFiber.join`. Also, a fiber throwing an error
```

> does not cancel the execution of the other fibers. Taking care of cancelling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
does not cancel the execution of the other fibers. Taking care of canceling
```

> the reamining fibers is the responsability of the programmer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the remaining fibers is the responsibility of the programmer.
```

> In contrast `parMapN` not only promotes errors raised by fibers to the main
> flow, it also take care of cancelling the other fibers. This way `parMapN`
> leads to simpler and more concise code. _Thus, if possible, programmers should
> prefer to use higher level commands such as `parMapN` or `parSequence` to deal
> with fibers_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast `parMapN` not only promotes errors raised by fibers to the caller, it also takes care of canceling the other fibers. This way `parMapN`
leads to simpler and more concise code. _Thus, unless you have some specific and
unusual requirements you should prefer to use higher level commands such as
`parMapN` or `parSequence` to work with fibers_.
```

Author: LGTM, but I found a typo (`take` -> `takes`).
```suggestion
In contrast `parMapN` not only promotes errors raised by fibers to the caller, it also takes care of canceling the other fibers. This way `parMapN`
leads to simpler and more concise code. _Thus, unless you have some specific and
unusual requirements you should prefer to use higher level commands such as
`parMapN` or `parSequence` to work with fibers_.
```
